privacy | healthequity 83 captures 24 apr 2022 - 07 jul 2026 mar apr may 03 2022 2023 2024 success fail about this capture collected by organization: archive team formed in 2009, the archive team (not to be confused with the archive.org archive-it team) is a rogue archivist collective dedicated to saving copies of rapidly dying or deleted websites for the sake of history and digital heritage. the group is 100% composed of volunteers and interested parties, and has expanded into a large amount of related projects for saving online and digital history. history is littered with hundreds of conflicts over the future of a community, group, location or business that were "resolved" when one of the parties stepped ahead and destroyed what was there. with the original point of contention destroyed, the debates would fall to the wayside. archive team believes that by duplicated condemned data, the conversation and debate can continue, as well as the richness and insight gained by keeping the materials. our projects have ranged in size from a single volunteer downloading the data to a small-but-critical site, to over 100 volunteers stepping forward to acquire terabytes of user-created data to save for future generations. the main site for archive team is at archiveteam.org and contains up to the date information on various projects, manifestos, plans and walkthroughs. this collection contains the output of many archive team projects, both ongoing and completed. thanks to the generous providing of disk space by the internet archive, multi-terabyte datasets can be made available, as well as in use by the wayback machine , providing a path back to lost websites and work. our collection has grown to the point of having sub-collections for the type of data we acquire. if you are seeking to browse the contents of these collections, the wayback machine is the best first stop. otherwise, you are free to dig into the stacks to see what you may find. the archive team panic downloads are full pulldowns of currently extant websites, meant to serve as emergency backups for needed sites that are in danger of closing, or which will be missed dearly if suddenly lost due to hard drive crashes or server failures. collection: archive team: urls timestamps the wayback machine - https://web.archive.org/web/20230403040254/https://healthequity.com/privacy skip to content for individuals get started opening an hsa transfer your hsa learn hsa guide open enrollment center webinars support help center for individuals login help for business total solution employers benefits advisors financial advisors health plans engage360 engage360 hub open enrollment toolkit best practices engagement packages health savings score™ get help sales help center for business login help contact us products healthcare hsa | health savings account fsa | flexible spending account hra | health reimbursement arrangement other benefits dependent care commuter lifestyle cobra direct billing premium only plans insights blog employer webinars partner webinars hsa talk about about healthequity what s new covid-19 information wageworks further newsroom csr report investor relations careers contact us open account login for individuals get started opening an hsa transfer your hsa learn hsa guide open enrollment center webinars support help center for individuals login help for business total solution employers benefits advisors financial advisors health plans engage360 engage360 hub open enrollment toolkit best practices engagement packages health savings score™ get help sales help center for business login help contact us products healthcare hsa | health savings account fsa | flexible spending account hra | health reimbursement arrangement other benefits dependent care commuter lifestyle cobra direct billing premium only plans insights blog employer webinars partner webinars hsa talk about about healthequity what s new covid-19 information wageworks further newsroom csr report investor relations careers contact us open account login healthequity account login logging in for the first time? create username and password wageworks employee login employer login transitchek login cobra/direct bill login pop login need login help? privacy homepage general privacy notice california privacy notice other state law notices employee privacy notice health savings accounts legal homepage risk and security luum privacy further privacy contact information privacy information privacy homepage general privacy notice california privacy notice other state law notices employee privacy notice health savings accounts legal homepage risk and security luum privacy further privacy contact information privacy at healthequity, we are commited to protecting you and your personal information. explore our privacy commitments we protect your privacy at healthequity, our mission is to help our members connect health and wealth. we have become an industry leader in administering health savings accounts, in addition to our roster of other products and benefits, by bringing together advanced technology and remarkable service. as part of our remarkable service, we are committed to protecting the privacy of your personal information. these policies and notices provide a clear explanation of how we collect, use, disclose, transfer, and store your information. “we believe protecting data is a fundamental component of connecting health and wealth.” stephen d. neeleman, md founder | vice chair our privacy commitments we are secure we use up to date administrative, physical, and technical safeguards to protect personal information. we are ethical we only use personal information to provide our services. we are transparent we keep you informed regarding how we collect, use, and share personal information. we are accountable our team members and business partners are trained on and accountable for complying with our privacy policies and standards. contact information if you have any questions about healthequity’s privacy practices, commitments, or notices, we would love to hear from you. toll-free phone: 1-866-629-6347 phone: 1-801-727-1000 email: privacy@healthequity.com mail: healthequity, inc. attn: privacy officer 121 w. scenic pointe drive draper, ut 84020 let's hsa! first, tell us who you are: i'm not signing up through an employer or employee i'm signing up through my employer individual help hsa guide fsa guide member portal help center for individuals mobile app open enrollment center documents and forms login help business help help center for business engage360 hub open enrollment toolkit products hsa fsa hra dependent care commuter lifestyle cobra direct billing premium only plans about about healthequity what s new covid-19 information wageworks further newsroom csr report investor relations careers blog privacy security contact us follow us individual help hsa guide fsa guide member portal help center for individuals mobile app open enrollment center documents and forms login help business help help center for business engage360 hub open enrollment toolkit products hsa fsa hra dependent care commuter lifestyle cobra direct billing premium only plans about about healthequity what s new covid-19 information wageworks further newsroom csr report investor relations careers blog privacy security contact us follow us connecting health and wealth © 2002-2023 healthequity, inc. all rights reserved | legal notices | privacy | accessibility language assistance/non-discrimination notice asistencia de idiomas/aviso de no discriminación 語言協助 / 不歧視通知