privacy policy | mr. cooper home loans - legal documentation browser not supported it looks like you are using internet explorer, which is no longer supported by mr. cooper. to keep your account secure, it’s important to use an up-to-date browser. we suggest switching to chrome, safari or edge. if you continue with your current browser, some pages and features may be unavailable. continue at mr. cooper, customer service, trust and confidence is a high priority. that's why we welcome this opportunity to describe our privacy policies, the steps we take to protect and maintain your information and to let you know how you can choose how your customer information may be shared. please see our consumer privacy notice. for a full explanation of how we collect, use and share personal information and what steps you can take to limit sharing of your information. (california residents , north dakota) information collection we collect nonpublic personal information about you, including: information we receive from you on applications, surveys, online registrations or other forms (such as your name, address, assets, social security number, income and debt) information about your transactions with us, our affiliates or others (such as account balance, transaction history or information about our communications with you) information about your creditworthiness, credit history, credit scores and other facts about you that we obtain from consumer reporting agencies or from providers of marketing and demographic information. information from other outside sources regarding their employment, credit or other relationship with you or verifying representations made by you, such as your employment history, loan balances or your property insurance coverage. protecting the confidentiality and security of your information keeping financial information is one of our most important responsibilities. only those persons who need it to perform their job responsibilities are authorized to access your information. we take commercially reasonable precautions to protect your information and limit disclosure by maintaining physical, electronic and procedural safeguards. information use and disclosure we may share information we have about you to give you superior service and to make a wider range of products available to you. we may share this information in the following ways: with affiliates of mr. cooper the fair credit reporting act gives you the opportunity to limit the sharing of "non-experience information" among affiliates of mr. cooper. "non-experience information" includes information that is used, expected to be used, or collected for the purpose of establishing your eligibility for consumer credit, insurance or deposit accounts, and is not related solely to your transactions or other experiences with us, including information: from your applications, such as your income or marital status from a credit report, such as your credit history from sources used to verify representations made by you, such as your open lines of credit or employment history within the mr. cooper family of companies, we may share the customer information we collect (described in the information collection) with: affiliate companies providing financial and other services, such as mortgage lenders, insurance agencies, home security companies, lawn care and pest control companies and residential homebuilders if you prefer that we not share non-experience information about you with an affiliate of mr. cooper, you may opt out, that is, you may direct us not to share this information, by calling us toll-free at 833-685-2565, chatting with us , or by filling out and returning the form in this consumer privacy notice. (california residents) with third party service providers, joint marketers and as otherwise permitted by law we may work with non-affiliated companies or organizations to provide services on our behalf in connection with the servicing of your account or to provide you with opportunities to buy products or services offered by us or jointly with other financial institutions. consequently, we may disclose some or all of the information that we collect (described in the information collection ) to the following: companies that perform services on our behalf, such as check and statement printers, data processing companies and vendors who monitor the status of insurance on the property companies with whom we have joint marketing agreements for your protection, we require that these companies keep all personal information confidential. we may disclose some or all of the information that we collect (described in the information collection) as permitted by law. for example, we may share personal information: with regulatory authorities and law enforcement officials to protect against fraud to report activity to credit bureaus to respond to a subpoena to service your account with other third parties we may disclose some or all of the information that we collect (described in the information collection) with non-affiliated companies or other organizations, including: financial service providers, such as mortgage bankers, securities broker-dealers and insurance agents non-financial companies, such as retailers, direct marketers, membership clubs and publishers other companies and organizations, such as non-profit organizations text messaging opt-in consent will not be shared with or transferred to third parties for the purposes of allowing them to text for marketing or promotional purposes. if you prefer that we not share nonpublic personal information about you with non-affiliated companies and organizations as described in this section (except information described above under information sharing "with third party service providers, joint marketers and as otherwise permitted by law"), you may opt out, that is, you may direct us not to share this information, by calling us toll-free at 833-685-2565, chatting with us , or by filling out and returning the form in this consumer privacy notice. (california residents) maintenance of accurate information we have established commercially reasonable procedures designed to ensure that your personal information is as accurate and complete as possible. if you believe that our records contain inaccurate or incomplete information about you, please notify us by calling 833-685-2565, chat with us or send a written inquiry to us at mr. cooper, attention: customer service department, 8950 cypress waters boulevard, dallas, tx, 75019. we will take commercially reasonable steps to investigate your concerns and correct inaccurate information in a timely manner. former customers if you pay off your account with mr. cooper, your account is later sold to a third party investor or you, in some other manner, become a former customer, we will continue to treat and safeguard your information as described in this notice. companies providing this notice this policy is provided by mr. cooper and its subsidiaries. you may opt out as described in this privacy policy. please allow up to four weeks to process your opt out request. you do not need to notify us if you have decided not to opt out. if at a later time you wish to change these opt out instructions, please contact our customer service department at 833-685-2565, or chat with us . upon contacting the customer service department at the above listed toll-free number, your opt-out choices will be as reflected below. please do not share non-experience information about me with an affiliate of mr. cooper. if you opt out, you may not receive offers for other products or services from the affiliates of mr. cooper that may be of value to you. please do not share nonpublic personal information about you with non-affiliated companies and organizations as described in this notice (except information described above under information sharing "with third party service providers, joint marketers and as otherwise permitted by law"). if you opt out, you may not receive offers for other products and services from companies and organizations not affiliated with mr. cooper that may be of value to you. note for accounts with co-borrowers: your opt out choices will also apply to co-borrowers. cookies and other technical information we may send "cookies" to your computer primarily to enhance your online experience. "cookies" are files that can identify you as a unique customer and store your personal preferences as well as technical information (including click through and click stream data). cookies can either be permanent (i.e., they remain on your computer until you delete them) or temporary (i.e., they last only until you close your browser). we may also use tracking systems such as "web beacons," which monitor your use of our web sites. tracking systems (web beacons or web bugs) are small strings of code that provide a method for delivering a graphic image on a web page for the purpose of transferring data, such as the ip (internet protocol) address of the computer that downloaded the page on which the web beacon appears, the url (uniform resource locator) of the page on which the web beacon appears, the time the page containing the web beacon was viewed, the types of browser that fetched the web beacon and the identification number of any cookie on the computer previously placed by that server. when corresponding with you via html capable e-mail, web beacons let us know whether you received and opened our e-mail. on their own, cookies or web beacons do not contain or reveal any personally identifiable information. however, if you choose to furnish one of our web sites with personally identifiable information, this information can be linked to the data stored in the cookies/web beacons. your ongoing use of our web sites constitutes your acceptance of this privacy policy, and you specifically agree to our described use of cookies and web beacons. you may adjust your browser to reject cookies from us or from any other site. additionally, by setting your web browser to display html e-mails as text only, you may be able to prevent the use of some web beacons. please consult the "help" section of your browser for more information. however, certain areas of our web sites can only be accessed in conjunction with cookies or similar devices and you should be aware that disabling cookies or similar devices might prevent you from accessing some of our content. target advertising we may also use technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across third party websites or other online services (behavioral tracking). we believe that this online behavioral tracking helps to provide you with more relevant advertising based upon on the websites you visit. third parties may also use similar technologies to collect information about your online activities over time and across different third party sites, including your use of this mr. cooper website. to opt out of our cookies used for this online advertising, click here. you can visit the nai opt-out website for information on how you can opt out of behavioral tracking on this website. using the choice mechanisms these programs make available may help you see advertising that is relevant to you or help you avoid seeing interest based advertising generally. please note that the mr. cooper website does not respond or honor “do not track” requests. privacy options and solicitations to make privacy elections, click here. to limit the types of solicitations mr. cooper sends you, click here.